How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Using diff allows the user to see ammended sections of the programs being contrasted. USing visual inspection
	the user can then compare these changes to one another and try to solve the bug from visual inspection.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Having easier access to the entire history of a file allows for faster debugging since all the data needed can be 
	contrasted with other files at once. Also it provides the user with a full example of what good and bad looks like. 


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions
automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pros: When doing manual commits, the system wont get cluttered as easily as it would with auto saves. It also allows you the 
	flexibilty to only save what is necessary.
Cons: If you forget to commmit then the work maybe lost. 

Side notes: A css file and HTML are closely related becuase the CSS defines styles that refer to elements in the HTML file. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Becuase the likelyhood that the files are correlated in Git is alot higher than they are in Google Drive or something else like that. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log allows the user to view the commits done for a particular file. Git diff shows the diiference between one commit and another which
	is handy when trying to find out the additions/deletions of lines of code. Just compare the commit ID's of the change youre looking at
	and the change before it.  

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
As long as you can make the commits accordingly, errors introduced in one version of the file be removed
	by reverting back to an older version with the git checkout command.

How Do You Want to Use Git?
I plan to use Git on all major conding projects to eliminate the fear of breaking the programs and to foster fear-free and adventurous coding.

//